Documentation RTC and user service (#13578)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/identity.rst

.. Copyright (c) Jupyter Development Team.
.. Distributed under the terms of the Modified BSD License.

.. _identity:

Identity
========

> JupyterLab v3.6 includes user identity build on top of the ``IdentityProvider`` and the endpoint ``/api/me``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with JupyterLab v3.6, user identity builds on top of the ``IdentityProvider`` and the endpoint ``/api/me``
```

introduced in Jupyter Server v2 as part of the authentication. The ``/api/me`` endpoint returns a dictionary

> with the user's identity their permissions. Please check out its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the user's identity and their permissions. Please check out its
```
